## 2.1.4

  * Fixed the following error from version `2.1.3`, when trying to request a permission.
    ```
    E/flutter (30649): [ERROR:flutter/lib/ui/ui_dart_state.cc(209)] Unhandled Exception: type '_InternalLinkedHashMap<String, dynamic>' is not a subtype of type 'Map<String, Object>' in type cast
    ```

## 2.1.3

  * **[analysis_options.yaml](analysis_options.yaml)**:
    
    * Updated analysis options.

---

  * **[request_permission.dart](lib/src/request_permission.dart)**:
    
    * RequestPermission
      
      * Changed type of `isWaitingForResponse` to ValueListenable\<bool\>.

---
  
  * **[resulting_permission.dart](lib/src/resulting_permission.dart)**:
    
    * Marked ResultingPermission as `@immutable`.

---

  * Added **[constants.dart](lib/src/constants.dart)** which contains constant objects for internal library usage.

  * Updated the android permissions in **[android_permissions.dart](lib/src/android_permissions.dart)** from [Manifest.permission](https://developer.android.com/reference/android/Manifest.permission).

## 2.1.2

  * Changed [LICENSE](LICENSE) to `Gnu Lesser General Public License version 2.1`.

  * Added documentation generated by the `dartdoc` tool.

  * Fixed typos in [README.md](README.md) and in documentation comments.

  * Changed visibility of member `ResultingPermission.permissions` to `ResultingPermission._permissions`  

  * Changed visibility of member `ResultingPermission.grantResults` to `ResultingPermission._grantResults`  

## 2.1.1

  * Migrated example to null safety.

## 2.1.0

  * Added constants from the offical [android docs](https://developer.android.com/reference/android/Manifest.permission) for each permission.

  * Added `hasAndroidPermissions` method, for requesting the status of multiple permissions at once.

## 2.0.0

  * Migrated to null safety.

## 1.1.2

  * Fixed a bug where [RequestPermission.instance.isWaitingForResponse] stayed true forever

## 1.1.1

  * Fixed typo in [README.md](README.md)

## 1.1.0

  * Implemented the functionality to request the android permission [SYSTEM_ALERT_WINDOW](https://developer.android.com/reference/android/Manifest.permission#SYSTEM_ALERT_WINDOW)

## 1.0.1

  * Changed package name in **request_permission\android\src\main\AndroidManifest.xml**

## 1.0.0

  * Released the plugin.
